BrmBar v3
=========

BrmBar is a management system for running a tiny hackerspace shop
with self-service usage based on trust and support for user accounts
and inventory tracking.

BrmBar offers a touchscreen-based user interface, identifies items
and users by barcodes scanned by a barcode reader, should run on any
decent Linux machine and stores its data in PostgreSQL database.

Features
--------

* Very simple user interface (using big touchscreen buttons and
  barcode reader) that should enable even non-technical users to
  do basic shopping with little to no training.
* Users may have their accounts they can load with money by
  depositing larger sum of money in advance, then charging their
  account when buying stuff. Of course, paying direct for cash
  is also supported.
* Inventory and cash accounts are tracked so that you can make sure
  there is no Club Mate mysteriously disappearing or if the amount
  of cash in the cash box is not less than expected by the system.
* You can enter receipts for duct tapes and other necessities to be
  financed by cash surplus generated by brmbar.
* Simple management operations (depositing and withdrawing money
  from user accounts, entering receipts, stocking in new inventory)
  can be also performed in the user interface even by non-technical
  users with basic training.
* The database is based on the classical accounting paradigm.
  This means no information is needlessly lost, you could even
  make a GNUCash export and your accounting geeks will feel warm
  and fuzzy.
* Multiple user interfaces available (and possible). The primary
  user interface is based on QtQuick (Qt4 QML QtDeclarative).

User Interfaces
---------------

These UIs are provided:

* **brmbar-gui-qt4**: The default touchscreen-based UI. The Python side
  provides an adapter object whose methods can be executed by the QML
  code; ad-hoc directionary objects are used to exchange complex data
  like account information.
* **brmbar-tui**: A trivial text-based "shell" UI that mimics a historic
  interface used in the Brmlab hackerspace in the past. It supports only
  selling items, querying item price and user account balance and
  depositing money for the user accounts.
* **brmbar-cli**: A command-line interface intended for use in scripts
  and remote usage when fixing problems. It is also meant to provide
  advanced functionality like inventory revision that is too tedious
  to implement in the Qt4 GUI and only the brmbar admins are expected
  to do these tasks.

TODO
----

* The user interface needs some improvements, mainly regarding
  scrolling in large lists.
* The brmbar-cli.py admin script for advanced/remote management
  operations is largely unfinished. In the meantime, you need to use
  SQL statements, sorry. Or finish it yourself. :-)
* It is common to have two stashes of cash, one in a cash box
  in the shop, another in a vault (sometimes called "overflow")
  where extra cash is stored.  The brmbar model supports this,
  but UI support needs to be added.
* Bitcoin support, somehow...

Some more TODO items may be listed in the GitHub issue tracker;
missing brmbar-gui-qt4 features are listed in the `TODO` file.

Other Resources
---------------

See the INSTALL file for setup instructions and USAGE file for
basic usage instructions. The doc/architecture file describes
the brmbar object model and briefly explains the brmbar Python
package.
